.TH "S3Classes.c" 3 "31 Aug 2005" "party" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
S3Classes.c \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'party.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBC_init_node\fP (SEXP node, int nobs, int ninputs, int nsurr, int q)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBS3set_nodeID\fP (SEXP node, int nodeID)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBS3get_nodeID\fP (SEXP node)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "SEXP \fBS3get_nodeweights\fP (SEXP node)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "SEXP \fBS3get_teststat\fP (SEXP node)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "SEXP \fBS3get_criterion\fP (SEXP node)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "SEXP \fBS3get_maxcriterion\fP (SEXP node)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBS3set_nodeterminal\fP (SEXP node)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBS3get_nodeterminal\fP (SEXP node)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "SEXP \fBS3get_primarysplit\fP (SEXP node)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "SEXP \fBS3get_surrogatesplits\fP (SEXP node)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "SEXP \fBS3get_prediction\fP (SEXP node)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "SEXP \fBS3get_leftnode\fP (SEXP node)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "SEXP \fBS3get_rightnode\fP (SEXP node)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBC_init_orderedsplit\fP (SEXP split, int nobs)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBC_init_nominalsplit\fP (SEXP split, int nlevels, int nobs)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBS3set_variableID\fP (SEXP split, int variableID)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBS3get_variableID\fP (SEXP split)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBS3is_ordered\fP (SEXP split)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBS3set_ordered\fP (SEXP split)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBS3set_nominal\fP (SEXP split)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBS3get_toleft\fP (SEXP split)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBS3set_toleft\fP (SEXP split, int left)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "SEXP \fBS3get_splitpoint\fP (SEXP split)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "SEXP \fBS3get_splitstatistics\fP (SEXP split)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "SEXP \fBS3get_table\fP (SEXP split)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
S3 classes for dealing with nodes and splits
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
\fBAuthor\fP.RS 4
hothorn 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
\fBDate\fP.RS 4
2005/06/28 15:40:16 
.RE
.PP
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBS3Classes.c\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void C_init_node (SEXP node, int nobs, int ninputs, int nsurr, int q)"
.PP
Definition at line 11 of file S3Classes.c.
.PP
References CRITERION_LENGTH, NODE_LENGTH, S3_CRITERION, S3_iCRITERION, S3_MAXCRITERION, S3_NODEID, S3_PREDICTION, S3_PSPLIT, S3_SSPLIT, S3_STATISTICS, S3_TERMINAL, S3_WEIGHTS, and SPLIT_LENGTH.
.PP
Referenced by C_splitnode(), R_Ensemble(), R_Node(), and R_TreeGrow().
.SS "void C_init_nominalsplit (SEXP split, int nlevels, int nobs)"
.PP
Definition at line 123 of file S3Classes.c.
.PP
References S3_ORDERED, S3_SPLITPOINT, S3_SPLITSTATISTICS, S3_TABLE, S3_TOLEFT, S3_VARIABLEID, and SPLIT_LENGTH.
.PP
Referenced by C_Node().
.SS "void C_init_orderedsplit (SEXP split, int nobs)"
.PP
Definition at line 99 of file S3Classes.c.
.PP
References S3_ORDERED, S3_SPLITPOINT, S3_SPLITSTATISTICS, S3_TABLE, S3_TOLEFT, S3_VARIABLEID, and SPLIT_LENGTH.
.PP
Referenced by C_Node(), and C_surrogates().
.SS "SEXP S3get_criterion (SEXP node)"
.PP
Definition at line 63 of file S3Classes.c.
.PP
References S3_CRITERION, and S3_iCRITERION.
.PP
Referenced by C_Node().
.SS "SEXP S3get_leftnode (SEXP node)"
.PP
Definition at line 91 of file S3Classes.c.
.PP
References S3_LEFT.
.PP
Referenced by C_get_node(), C_get_nodebynum(), C_splitsurrogate(), and C_TreeGrow().
.SS "SEXP S3get_maxcriterion (SEXP node)"
.PP
Definition at line 67 of file S3Classes.c.
.PP
References S3_CRITERION, and S3_MAXCRITERION.
.PP
Referenced by C_get_node(), and C_Node().
.SS "int S3get_nodeID (SEXP node)"
.PP
Definition at line 46 of file S3Classes.c.
.PP
References S3_NODEID.
.PP
Referenced by C_get_nodebynum(), and C_get_nodeID().
.SS "int S3get_nodeterminal (SEXP node)"
.PP
Definition at line 75 of file S3Classes.c.
.PP
References S3_TERMINAL.
.PP
Referenced by C_get_node(), C_get_nodebynum(), and C_TreeGrow().
.SS "SEXP S3get_nodeweights (SEXP node)"
.PP
Definition at line 50 of file S3Classes.c.
.PP
References S3_WEIGHTS.
.PP
Referenced by C_get_node(), C_get_nodeweights(), C_getweights(), C_splitnode(), C_splitsurrogate(), C_surrogates(), C_TreeGrow(), R_Ensemble(), R_predictRF(), R_predictRF2(), and R_TreeGrow().
.SS "SEXP S3get_prediction (SEXP node)"
.PP
Definition at line 87 of file S3Classes.c.
.PP
References S3_PREDICTION.
.PP
Referenced by C_get_prediction(), C_getpredictions(), C_Node(), and R_predictRF().
.SS "SEXP S3get_primarysplit (SEXP node)"
.PP
Definition at line 79 of file S3Classes.c.
.PP
References S3_PSPLIT.
.PP
Referenced by C_get_node(), C_Node(), C_splitnode(), C_splitsurrogate(), and C_surrogates().
.SS "SEXP S3get_rightnode (SEXP node)"
.PP
Definition at line 95 of file S3Classes.c.
.PP
References S3_RIGHT.
.PP
Referenced by C_get_node(), C_get_nodebynum(), C_splitsurrogate(), and C_TreeGrow().
.SS "SEXP S3get_splitpoint (SEXP split)"
.PP
Definition at line 174 of file S3Classes.c.
.PP
References S3_SPLITPOINT.
.PP
Referenced by C_get_node(), C_Node(), C_splitnode(), C_splitsurrogate(), and C_surrogates().
.SS "SEXP S3get_splitstatistics (SEXP split)"
.PP
Definition at line 178 of file S3Classes.c.
.PP
References S3_SPLITSTATISTICS.
.PP
Referenced by C_Node().
.SS "SEXP S3get_surrogatesplits (SEXP node)"
.PP
Definition at line 83 of file S3Classes.c.
.PP
References S3_SSPLIT.
.PP
Referenced by C_get_node(), C_splitsurrogate(), C_surrogates(), and R_surrogates().
.SS "SEXP S3get_table (SEXP split)"
.PP
Definition at line 187 of file S3Classes.c.
.PP
References S3_TABLE.
.PP
Referenced by C_Node().
.SS "SEXP S3get_teststat (SEXP node)"
.PP
Definition at line 59 of file S3Classes.c.
.PP
References S3_CRITERION, and S3_STATISTICS.
.PP
Referenced by C_Node().
.SS "int S3get_toleft (SEXP split)"
.PP
Definition at line 165 of file S3Classes.c.
.PP
References S3_TOLEFT.
.PP
Referenced by C_get_node(), and C_splitsurrogate().
.SS "int S3get_variableID (SEXP split)"
.PP
Definition at line 149 of file S3Classes.c.
.PP
References S3_VARIABLEID.
.PP
Referenced by C_get_node(), C_splitnode(), C_splitsurrogate(), and C_surrogates().
.SS "int S3is_ordered (SEXP split)"
.PP
Definition at line 153 of file S3Classes.c.
.PP
References S3_ORDERED.
.PP
Referenced by C_get_node(), and C_splitnode().
.SS "void S3set_nodeID (SEXP node, int nodeID)"
.PP
Definition at line 42 of file S3Classes.c.
.PP
References S3_NODEID.
.PP
Referenced by C_TreeGrow().
.SS "void S3set_nodeterminal (SEXP node)"
.PP
Definition at line 71 of file S3Classes.c.
.PP
References S3_TERMINAL.
.PP
Referenced by C_Node().
.SS "void S3set_nominal (SEXP split)"
.PP
Definition at line 161 of file S3Classes.c.
.PP
References S3_ORDERED.
.SS "void S3set_ordered (SEXP split)"
.PP
Definition at line 157 of file S3Classes.c.
.PP
References S3_ORDERED.
.SS "void S3set_toleft (SEXP split, int left)"
.PP
Definition at line 169 of file S3Classes.c.
.PP
References S3_TOLEFT.
.PP
Referenced by C_surrogates().
.SS "void S3set_variableID (SEXP split, int variableID)"
.PP
Definition at line 145 of file S3Classes.c.
.PP
References S3_VARIABLEID.
.PP
Referenced by C_Node(), and C_surrogates().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for party from the source code.
